If you get an error for missing VCRUNTIME 140_1 dll
	Go to this link:            https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/2977003/the-latest-supported-visual-c-downloads
	Download and run:    vc_redist.x64.exe

Host a NodeServer
	A node server can be hosted by a player or a non-player,
	it handles all the networking that makes the game work.
	Whoever runs NodeServer.exe must have port 1234 open on their router
	The computer hosting the NodeServer can be the same computer that 
	hosts the game, or it could be a different computer
	
Connect to NodeServer
	Open Client.exe, and follow the directions on-screen, it explains how
	to connect and play. Client.exe is smart enough to work with any
	emulator. It is confirmed to work with ePSXe 2.0.5 and Bizhawk, it is
	confirmed not to work with Rpcs3, it will probably work in any other emu

	Connection Lost:
		While trying to connect
			- You enter the wrong IP
			- The server is down
			- The server did not use port forwarding
			- The server is full
			- The server has a match in progress
		While in a match
			- The server shut down
			- A member of your group disconnected, and the
				NodeServer resets (which is a design choice)

Host a Game
	The host of any game is the first client to connect to the NodeServer.
	Hosting a game means you are the one that chooses the map,
	aside from that, you are no different than any other client.

Join a Game
	All additional clients who join after the host, are guests.

Avoid bugs:
	-If you are a game-host, you must wait for everyone to be in the AI selection
	-If you are a game-guest, do not press any buttons while in AI selection.
	-If one person disconnects, everyone disconnects, NodeServer can reset
		itself, and run infinitely, while Clients need to close and reopen

Start the match
	The host chooses the character, then starts the race.
	All guests should automatically mimic the host.
	If guests do not start loading a level when the host does,
		and change their character, the game will crash

Consecutive races
	Choose "Repeat" to repeat the match. Everyone has to repeat.
	Choose "Quite" to quit to the menu. Everyone has to quit.

Most commonly asked questions

Q: When will there be 8P support?
A: 8P already works, but it is disabled in the consumer-release because the lag 
	is horrible; that can be fixed with implementing UDP networking. Also,
	it's restricted due to vram limitation.

Q: When will weapons work?
A: Next step in project

Q: When will this server/client stuff become more user-friendly
A: I want to build a server farm, with match-making abilities, so that nobody needs to 
	worry about hosting NodeServers, and so that everyone can connect to the
	same place without worrying about IPs, but I dont have money to buy a server
	farm, and also, the server software for that is currently not done